♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR]
Today the sun will rise and set,
just as it always does.
Morning blossoms fall,
flower by flower.
[NARRATOR] Once again,
the sun will set and rise,
just as it always does.
And flowers will
bloom everywhere.
But they are different from
the flowers of yesterday.
[seagulls crying]
[GINKO]
Hey...
Are we even close yet?
We're almost there.
[NAGI]
So...
I guess since it was a doctor
that introduced you to me,
that must make you
one too, right?
Nice try, but no.
I'm a mushi master.
[GINKO]
Don't look so worried.
From what I've heard
about this place,
it's definitely
something I can deal with.
[NAGI]
Sorry, it's just the first time
I've heard that term before.
Look! There it is!
[NAGI (CHILD)]
Know what, Akoya?
Somewhere, out there,
across the sea,
there's a beautiful place.
Everyone who
lives there is happy.
We should go there sometime.
I'll take you.
Remember that,
and don't look so sad, okay?
[NAGI (CHILD)]
That's the spirit.
[GINKO] Why are you taking such
a wide path around the island?
[NAGI]
The tide's about to change.
The tide system around
the island is very complex,
and the currents
are fast and powerful.
You can only get to the island
on the day of the spring tide,
and even then only
for a few hours.
I see what you mean.
It's not the easiest
place to get into.
[NAGI]
Here we go.
Watch your head.
So are you a
fisherman or something?
[NAGI]
This island has no fishermen.
Don't forget the tide.
There's only one day
a month a boat can leave.
[GINKO]
Nothing but rock.
[NAGI]
Yes. The island is barren.
There's very little soil.
Everyone gets by somehow,
through determination and
faith in the Living God.
[GINKO]
Living God?
Someone's here! Stay down!
I'm sorry, but I can't
let you eat this.
It's an offering
to the Living God.
We're going to ask her if
she will heal your sickness.
Here, get on my back.
Let me carry you.
You'll feel better soon.
Hey, Nagi...
Why do we have to hide?
What's going on here?
The reason I brought you
to this island
is to see the
so-called Living God.
What's that?
She used to be
just a normal girl!
Please! You have to save her!
Everyone is being fooled!
[NAGI]
There she is.
[NAGI] The man next
to her is her father,
the head of the household.
Every day, a miracle
happens to her.
Today is the day that
her believers are allowed
to pay their respects.
[VILLAGERS gasp]
[AKOYA (OLD) gasps]
[GINKO] Her breathing
has stopped completely.
Did you see that?
[NAGI]
See what?
No. You couldn't, could you...
Now be sure that all of you
inhale the fragrance deeply.
It will relieve you
from the burden
of your pains
and your illnesses.
This is the immortal
power of the Living God.
[NAGI] After a while,
she'll return to normal again.
When the morning comes,
she'll awaken as though
nothing had ever happened.
[GINKO] It was just
like what I'd been told.
I must admit,
I'm still surprised.
She heals the sick?
It's all a lie! A charade!
My mom died
without being healed,
even after we offered
most of our harvest
to the Living God.
There was no "miracle" for her.
The head of the
household and his family
were the ones who started
the Living God religion.
They were the first ones
to be able to read
the tides and land
safely on the island.
Since then, in every generation,
someone from their family
becomes the Living God.
People from all around began
to hear about the miracles,
and came to the island
seeking their own.
Every time a
Living God passes on,
another one appears to take its
place in less than half a year.
[NAGI]
As time passed.
More and more people
came to the Living God.
Even terminal diseases were
said to have been cured.
As for me...
I could never believe
in any of it.
But then...
[AKOYA'S FATHER]
Akoya!
So I find you playing
with an outsider yet again.
Come. We have some important
business to attend to.
[NAGI] That was about a month
after the previous Living God
had passed away.
It was on the day of the spring
tide, just like yesterday.
And after that, she changed.
She became what you saw.
She never speaks
a word to anyone.
She doesn't remember anything.
[NAGI] Not long after,
I finally learned the truth.
So yet another has recovered
from their illness.
It's amazing what one can do
with the power of suggestion.
Akoya was never
the best of children,
but she would be happy to know
that she's finally
serving her family well.
[AKOYA'S FATHER chuckles]
[NAGI]
It was unforgivable.
I left the island in search of
someone who could save her.
I swore to find help,
or never come back.
If he knew I'd returned,
her father would be suspicious.
To be honest, Ginko,
you're not safe here either.
[GINKO sighs]
I knew I'd regret this.
Please, Ginko!
I don't want to just give up
without trying something!
Fine. We'll try something.
But first I'll need
to take a look at her.
[GINKO]
Her pulse is abnormally fast.
And her body temperature
is far above normal, too.
[GINKO]
It's coming.
Hold that light up, will you?
[GINKO]
I'm sorry about this.
There it is. It's a mushi.
[GINKO gasps]
[GINKO] The parent bore
its young, then it died.
So what did you see?
[GINKO] A mushi, lodged
inside the nasal cavity.
But I don't know if removing it
will bring her back to normal.
Is she the only one affected?
No. There are others.
They're kept in
isolation on a cape
at the other side of the island.
They're all just like Akoya.
Since the old days,
people like them
would turn up every
once in a while.
The head of the household from
each generation praised them,
and gave them homes here.
They're considered
devout believers
who are close to the Living God.
The families they leave behind
give them their blessings,
believing their bloodline
produced someone free
from all pain and suffering.
[GINKO] Our search had so far
uncovered nothing new.
[GINKO]
Hey...
Her condition started during
the spring tide, right?
[NAGI]
Right.
[GINKO] Is there a place on the
island that's normally hidden
until the spring tide?
Yeah, There's a cave
at the tip of the cape.
[NAGI]
Over there.
What are you looking for?
[GINKO]
There's one. Look.
He's been affected
by the parasites.
There should be more.
Help me take a look around.
[NAGI] I found two more
just like that one.
[GINKO]
Good. Bring them here.
Nagi!
The cure... I found it.
[AKOYA whining]
Hang on, Akoya.
Please! Stay still!
This will be over soon.
[GINKO]
There it is.
[NAGI]
Akoya?
Na... gi?
Akoya!
It's you! It's really you.
But... Why would Father do that?
Akoya. Let's run away.
The next spring tide
comes in three days.
You must keep the fact
that you've been healed
a secret until we
can leave this island.
But I love it here.
This is my home.
I'm sure that Father will be
sorry for the things he did.
If I leave,
someone else will end up
having to become the Living God.
Then you should
reveal what causes this.
to stop the abuse of this
island's mushi and its people.
Do you remember the day
you became the Living God?
Yes, I do.
My Father had summoned me.
[AKOYA'S FATHER]
Akoya!
I picked this special
flower just for you!
[AKOYA]
It's beautiful!
[AKOYA'S FATHER]
And it smells wonderful!
Go ahead! Try it!
It had a strong scent?
And it looked
like a morning glory?
I've seen flowers
like that in the cave.
They were blooming in the dark.
Is that the cause?
Three days, right?
Akoya.
We have to make sure your father
doesn't notice a change in you.
Just keep pretending you're
the Living God until then.
[VILLAGERS whispering]
[GINKO]
What's wrong?
Still not feeling like yourself?
[AKOYA]
I feel anxious. Uneasy.
When I was the Living God,
after the sun would set
and I'd begin to age,
I could always close
my eyes with a feeling
of great satisfaction.
It was comforting, somehow.
But now, I'm frightened.
When I wake up,
all that awaits me
is the continuation
of the previous day.
I feel overpowered
by the uncertainty
of everything that
lies in front of me.
Perhaps...
You were living in
the mushi's frame of time.
This particular mushi harmonizes
its host's biological clock
with its own.
All living things have
a different life span.
Even so, it's said that
the number of heartbeats
each being makes is the same.
In other words, the density of
time runs at different rates.
This mushi's life span
was just one day.
You experienced the entirety
of its life every single day.
So... Maybe
that's the reason...
[AKOYA] Day after day,
and hour after hour...
I felt fresh and new
with every breath.
When I tried to think,
I couldn't keep up.
But I was always content.
My heart felt fulfilled
and full of life.
[NAGI] In another hour,
we'll be able to go in.
Akoya...
[AKOYA gasps]
It's odd that I
should find you like this.
I would have expected you
to be old and weak by this hour.
[AKOYA]
Father, it's strange.
I'm not exactly sure
how it happened,
but I've been cured somehow.
Silence!
I've heard that Nagi
has returned to the island.
You know where
he went, don't you?
[AKOYA'S FATHER]
Ah, yes!
Today is the spring tide.
Growing in the darkness.
Their scent is strong.
[GINKO]
So this is the mushi's nest.
Using an animal host
must increase the offspring's
chances of survival.
[rustling]
Someone's coming!
[MAN 1]
Hey, it's the Living God!
Where are you going?
Excuse me, but could you
tell me where I could find
the cave that's at
the tip of the cape?
[MAN 1] The Living God
just said something!
I'm so sorry!
I'll tell you everything!
Please! Just help me!
Help me save Nagi!
[AKOYA'S FATHER]
Nagi. You've returned.
What are you doing here?
[NAGI]
It's you!
How could you do that to Akoya?!
[GINKO]
Nagi, wait!
This won't help. Let them be.
Their days are numbered anyway.
Those who continue to use
the mushi for their own needs
slowly lose their sanity.
And soon after that,
they'll die.
You don't have what it takes to
handle the mushi.
[NAGI]
He's trying to provoke them.
He must have some kind
of plan worked out.
Ready, Nagi?
[NAGI]
Yeah.
[GINKO]
Run!
Go!
[MAN 2]
Yes sir!
Make sure no one
will find their bodies.
[AKOYA'S FATHER]
I'll just have to do this again.
[MAN 3] Look!
He's got one of those flowers!
[MAN 1] Yeah, just like the one
Akoya said he's been using.
[MAN 3]
It's unforgivable.
It looks like we've lost them.
But the tide's rising.
Damn it.
We've got an hour, at the most.
[MAN 4]
It's them!
Over here! I found them!
Hey! Stand clear! We're gonna
widen this opening!
Father...
It's my fault. I killed you.
[AKOYA'S FATHER]
Akoya!
I picked this special
flower just for you!
[NAGI (CHILD)]
Remember that.
And don't look so sad, okay?
[AKOYA'S FATHER]
And it smells wonderful!
Go ahead! Try it!
Akoya!
But why?! Tell me!
[AKOYA]
Nagi...
I'm... sorry.
On this side...
I can live... like before.
It's embedded
deeper than last time.
It'll be hard to remove.
It's okay.
[NAGI] The only time Akoya
ever looked truly happy
was when she was the Living God.
[NARRATOR]
Today the sun will rise and set,
just as it always does.
Morning blossoms fall,
flower by flower.
Once again, the sun
will set and rise,
just as it always does.
And flowers will
bloom everywhere.
They are different from
the flowers of yesterday.
But the flowers of today
are just as beautiful.
[NAGI] That day,
Ginko missed his chance
to leave with the spring tide,
so he stayed on
the island for a month.
During that time,
he was able to treat
all the people on the cape.
But even so, whenever
the spring tide came
and the cave opened up,
someone became the
Living God once again.
[GINKO] There are
most likely some people
that won't appreciate
the treatment.
They'll probably
smell the flower again.
[GINKO]
Akoya said...
[AKOYA]
I'm frightened.
I feel overpowered by the
uncertainty of everything
that lies in front of me.
She and I are not all
that different, are we?
Just look at me.
I have no idea what I'm
supposed to do from now on.
You should just
live a normal life.
Things will be a little
better once you're able to fish.
You should get everyone
to help you open up the cave
to allow more boats
to go out to sea.
It's not going to be easy.
But there's one thing you can
count on to be on your side...
The endless amount of time
that waits in front of you.
[NARRATOR]
Next: "Raindrops and Rainbows."